I like the git username

There is some very good code here and some good use of functions. 

I downloaded Jupyter notebooks so that I could convert your files to python

I would strongly recommend NOT using notebooks but if you do then do not include notebook files (*.ipynb) to a git repository. You should only include ascii files in a git repository so include python files.

You should make git commits more often with informative commit messages.

You need comments describing what boundary conditions you are using. I would recommend using periodic boundary conditions.

All functions should have doc strings. 

Re-read the good programming practices at:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/yba7pj7woyvv7hs/goodCode.pdf
and follow them. Put questions on the Slack discussion site if necessary.

There should be comments describing what equation you are solving and with what numerical methods.

There is quite a lot of code duplication, for example in calculating the parameters at the beginning of functions. Consider grouping these parameters into a class or data structure that is passed around as one entity.

There is also code duplication due to your use of notebooks. In the Python file 
import numpy as np
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
is repeated a few times.

I put plt.show() into your Plotting function so that I could see the plots.

It is not very clear how I would go about increasing the resolution or running for longer (for example). I guess that I would put some different numbers into the function calls:
X = Main(121,601,0.5,1,0.001,"lax_newton",0.5)
but I would need to do some detective work to find out how. It would be useful if Main had a doc-string so that I could do
help(Main)
to find out how to use it.

The Python convention is thtat the function main does not have arguments. You could call your Main  function perhaps 
solveBurger
instead.

You should not store the results from every time step. If you are using a two time level scheme you only need ever store two time levels at a time.

It would be useful to compare different numerical methods on the same plot with legends.
